For my project, the goal is to bring awareness to human trafficking; it will take the form of a call-to-action. Within it, I made the argument that we need to put an end to this epidemic. Talking about it can be uncomfortable, but as a result, a lot of people are unaware of the severity and are undereducated on the topic. Not only will the data shock the majority of people, but it will also attract them to the argument and make them want to learn more. This problem is something that has always been a big deal to me because my mom started an organization that focuses on helping victims of human trafficking. Beyond this, she also holds workshops where she informs people on this ongoing issue. She continuously educates me on the ongoing issues, but without her, I don't think I would have nearly as much information as I do. 

To make this come to life, I gathered 6 different icons: headphones, speakers, glasses, a camera, sneakers, and a person. I asked "What do all of these have in common?" and then I said "they are all sold for $90". I then went on to explain "The average cost of a person in the human trafficking market is $90. The industry earns profits of ~$150 billion a year from traffickers". This is something that I personally was unaware of until my mom told me about it. Following drugs and weapons, human trafficking is unforuntately the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. It is also the fastest growing business of organized crime, but still so many people are oblivious to this epidemic. For the graphic, I aimed to use the visual technique of dominance and hierarchy. Additionally, I played with the negative and positive space as well as aysmmetry through the different icons.
